1 : Extreme Programming Framework :
                   
                  Another Name :
                                XP (Xtreme Programming)
                  Design:
                             XP is designed to be flexible and easily adaptable for any kind of environment.
                             
                  "XP basically performs customer satisfaction and the entire team collaboration that who is doing what and upto which extent."
              
           XP has set of values , principles and practices.
           
   
 2 : Pair Programming and Benefits:
                                  
                                   Lies Under one of practices of xtreme programming.
                        " practice where two programmers work on same computer to write code ."
                 1 The Driver : One who writes Code .
                 2 The Navigator : One who review the code written."
                 
         Benefits :
                       
                 Several benefits including :
                 
                 Better quality of Code.
                 Better Learning.
                 Less Distractions.
                 
 3 : Git Repo Guidelines in Agile Development 
             
           Guidelines include :
           
          1 Descriptive Commit Messages 
          2 Git Hooks
          3 Branches 
          4 Git Tags
          
 4 : Benefits of working in Batches in Agile 
 
       1 Better Collaboration 
       2 Reduce risks
       3 Fast Feedback
       4 Increased Agility
       
 5 : MVP 
           
           Process of creation of basic version of a product by company
         
       The created product has the all minimum features within the prduct and the product is further enhanced or iterated or updated on the feedback and demand
                    of its users.
                    
            Helpful:
                    MVP is helpful in a way that the company gets the idea either there is a need of that particular product in the market or not resulting in 
                    investing the bigger amount on product that is even not required and useful for customers.
                    
  6 : TDD and BDD 
               
               Both ensure the Fuctionality and quality in Software.
               
               Difference :
                        
                      1) IN TDD , Tests are written First before the actual Code while in BDD the main focus is on behaviour of software.
                      
                      2) In TDD , Failing Tests  are written first to identify specific requirements and then writing the code while in BDD the code is written in
                         Natural form for the easy understanding of technical and non technical teams.
                         
                      3) TDD focuses on testing individual units of Code while BDD focuses on software testing as a whole.
          
   7 : TDD importance in DevOps 
           
           1 ) Early bug detection 
           2 ) Increased Colllaboration 
           3 ) Faster feedback
           
           
   8 : Cloud Native Microservices 
               
                Microservices :
                               Independent services that connect with eachother through API's increasing flexibilty and agility in development.
                               
                You may say CNM use divide and conquer rule as They break to handle large and complex apps into smaller components.
                
                By the Way CNM use cloud-based infranstructure to manage the deployment of these services.
                
                
   9 : Designing for Failure in DevOps 
                    
                    Designing For Failure Helps in recovering from unexpected errors.
                    
                    Key Strategies Include :
                    
                    1) Redundancy  (On running state even if an error occurs the program is not terminated but keeps on running )
                    2) Fault Isolation 
                    3) Regular Testing
                    4) Recovery Planning ( How to handle your system against Cyber attacks )
                    
                    
    10 : Taylorism 
                
                Another Name :
                            Scientific Management
                            
                " breaking down work into simple components and then optimizing each componnet for maximium efficiency "
                
                Priciples :
                  
                     1 )  Labor Divizion 
                     2 )  Standardizes
                     3 )  Specialized
                     4 )  Scientific Analysis
                    
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
